add debug exporter (#8375)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: exporter/loggingexporter/README.md

| Status                   |                       |
| ------------------------ |-----------------------|
| Stability                | [Deprecated]         |
| Supported pipeline types | traces, metrics, logs |
| Distributions            | [core], [contrib]     |

> This exporter is being deprecated in favour of the [debug exporter]. It will be removed in September 2024.

Author: ```suggestion
This exporter is being deprecated in favour of the [debug exporter]. The debug exporter has backward compatibility with the logging exporter. To migrate, replace `logging` in the `exporters` section of your Collector's config with `debug`. The logging exporter will be removed in September 2024.
```

> This exporter is being deprecated in favour of the [debug exporter]. It will be removed in September 2024.

Author: Added this to the readme 👍🏻
